README.md, before:

# JsonNet.PrivateSetterContractResolvers
First. I have nothing to do with [the awesome official](https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json) library "Newtonsoft.Json". This is merely a tiny extension to it. In 2010 I was writing a NoSQL'ish document oriented provider over Microsoft SQL Server (SisoDB). While doing this I found the need for a *custom contract resolver* to Newtonsoft JSON.Net. One that supported **private setters** as well. I've [written](http://danielwertheim.se/json-net-private-setters) about the solutions to this problem before. Since it still seems to solve issues for people I have put up this GitHub repository and created a NuPkg available via NuGet for it as well.

```
Install-Package JsonNet.PrivateSettersContractResolvers
```

After that, you just consume it by creating an instance of either:

- `PrivateSetterContractResolver`
- `PrivateSetterCamelCasePropertyNamesContractResolver`

which you then assign to the `JsonSerializerSettings.ContractResolver`.

```csharp
var settings = new JsonSerializerSettings
{
    ContractResolver = new PrivateSetterContractResolver()
};

var model = JsonConvert.DeserializeObject<Model>(json, settings);
```

Commit message:

JSON.Net-ContractResolvers
Uses new name ContractResolvers.

  - Adds support for private constructors.
  - Moved to new repo as it is not just about private setters anymore.

README.md, after:

# JsonNet.ContractResolvers
Tiny solution providing pre-made `ContractResolver` implementations for [Newtonsoft.Json](https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json), resolvers that supports private property setters and private constructors.

## Replaces eariler repos and NuGets
Previous repo and NuGet distributions that this repo replaces are:

- https://github.com/danielwertheim/jsonnet-privatesetterscontractresolvers
- https://www.nuget.org/packages/JsonNet.PrivateSettersContractResolvers/
- https://www.nuget.org/packages/JsonNet.PrivateSettersContractResolvers.Source/

## Usage

```
Install-Package JsonNet.ContractResolvers
```

After that, you just consume it by creating an instance of either:

- `PrivateSetterContractResolver` - extends `DefaultContractResolver` with support for private setters.
- `PrivateSetterAndCtorContractResolver`- extends `DefaultContractResolver` with support for private setters and private constructors.
- `PrivateSetterCamelCasePropertyNamesContractResolver` - extends `CamelCasePropertyNamesContractResolver` with support for private setters.
- `PrivateSetterAndCtorCamelCasePropertyNamesContractResolver`- extends `CamelCasePropertyNamesContractResolver` with support for private setters and private constructors.

which you then assign to the `JsonSerializerSettings.ContractResolver`.

```csharp
var settings = new JsonSerializerSettings
{
    ContractResolver = new PrivateSetterContractResolver()
};

var model = JsonConvert.DeserializeObject<Model>(json, settings);
```
